DOCS-9403 Partner Manager Editing (#88)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/index-edit.adoc

= Anypoint Partner Manager

> Anypoint Partner Manager enables Business-to-Business (B2B) message exchanges using APIs and Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) formats.

Reviewer: ...enables you to perform?

Reviewer: ...and maybe follow this one sentence with the next para, beginning...:
```suggestion
Anypoint Partner Manager enables you to perform Business-to-Business (B2B) message exchanges using APIs and Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) formats, and to conduct business transactions such as buying and selling products with your partners. Transactions typically use transports....
```

Anypoint Partner Manager enables enterprises to conduct business transactions, such as purchasing products from one another.

> Transactions are typically transmitted over transports such as HTTPS and SFTP, and exchanges such as AS2. Partner Manager supports X12, JSON, and XML message formats to transmit data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transactions are typically transmitted over transports such as HTTPS and SFTP, and exchanges such as AS2. Partner Manager supports X12, JSON, and XML message formats. 
```
Seems unnecessary.

Use Anypoint Partner Manager to:

* Perform technical onboarding of your partners.

> * Set up, manage and monitor business message flows to receive messages between your systems and your trading partners' systems. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up, manage, and monitor business message flows between your systems and your trading partners' systems. +
```

> The ability to track and report on business transactions drives greater operational efficiency for B2B transactions.

Reviewer: Previous list items are verb-based; to make this one parallel...:
```suggestion
Track and report on business transactions to achieve greater operational efficiency in B2B transactions.
```
OR
```suggestion
Achieve greater B2B operational efficiency by tracking and reporting on business transactions.
```

Reviewer: ACTUALLY...we don't need for/in/on "business transactions" later in these sentences, when the early part already use "B2B transactions."
If I am missing some important distinction here, then just ignore me, but I can remember being slowed down reading all this in the past by all the business jargon and shuffling about of similar terms in the PM doc.

* View meta information, validation errors, and all messages included with each transmission payload. +
A transmission is a single communication event during which a payload is transferred between two business entities.

> These payloads can contain one or more business messages.

Reviewer: I would omit this; I think it is rendered redundant by previous texts.

I also wonder if we have to use "payload" all the time, when we are talking about messages. I'd like to see us choose the best term and use it consistently, instead of nuancing "transmission," "flow," "message," "payload," and so on. As a reader, I get wonder if I am missing some important distinction when these terms are used seemingly interchangeably.

> Different users with different roles in your organization can use Partner Manager, for example, those who:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with different roles in your organization can benefit from using Partner Manager, including those who:
```
OR
```suggestion
Members of your organization can use Partner Manager to perform a variety of functions, including:
* Designing and testing...
* Managing...
* Optimizing....
```

* Primarily design and test message flows

> * Manage activity of the business transactions with your trading partners

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage the activity of the business transactions with your trading partners
```

* Optimize backend services and performance

> == Prerequisites

Reviewer: This is a subtopic to a Concept topic, so we might need to specify the actual task:
```suggestion
== Prerequisites to Using? Getting Started with? Configuring?....
```

> To use Partner Manager you must be familiar with EDI message formats, and how to create DataWeave transformations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Partner Manager, you must be familiar with EDI message formats and how to create DataWeave transformations.
```

> To get started, ask your Anypoint Platform administrator to follow the Setup instructions.

Reviewer: ...transformations, and your administrator must have set up Partner Manager in your system?

These two requirements sound sort of unrelated, or maybe not terse enough?
To use...:
* Your admin has set up
* You are familiar with EDI
* You can create DW trans.
